nope block and die die another one uhoh
uhoh uhoh uhoh uhoh hello and welcome
back to learn English with Minecraft my
name is Kenzo and this is English from
the ground up and in this video I'm
hoping to make a lot of progress because
today I hope to upgrade my Diamond Tool
to
netherite so I finally learned how
netherite Works in Minecraft you can't
just build netherite tools the same as
diamond tools or iron tools no for
netherite tools you need netherite
ingots but you also need a netherite
smithing template and these templates
are only found in bastions in the nether
so in this video I'm going back to the
nether to find a Bastion and the good
thing is that I think I've already found
a Bastion in a previous
episode
whoa what is
this so I'm going back there to search
for a smithing template but right now
I'm at my creeper spawner let's go down
and look in the chest to see how much
gunpowder we've collected did now down
let's go down the
staircase and let's look in the chests
yeah there's a lot of gunpowder in here
now lots of gunpowder this gunpowder is
going to be very useful once I found the
elytra with gunpowder you can build
fireworks and when you have the elytra
fireworks allow you to blast up into the
air so you can fly
further so I'm going to need a bunch of
fireworks in the future all right look
at this I completed the railway I added
the support
beams support
beams and I also created a rail that
goes from the enchanting room to the
barn see and finally I created a rail
that goes from the barn back to the
house let's go on this rail here we
go
wee and we're back at the
house Hello Steven hello all right right
now I'm going to sleep in my bed and in
the morning I'll go back to the Nether
and we'll search for the Bastion morning
all right I'm going to pick up a little
bit more food I only have 19 potatoes
all right now I have 50 potatoes and
it's time to go back to the nether here
we go I'm going to equip my
shield I had to build a new Shield
because my old Shield broke uh-oh I
forgot to bring an
arrow and also my bow is almost broken
I'm going to go back to my house real
quick first I need to pick up an
arrow one arrow and now I'm going to try
to repair my bow my bow so I'll build
build a new
bow like
this a new
bow and I think in the smithing table
right
here I can repair my
bow
um no maybe it's the Anvil is it the
Anvil yeah I think it's the
Anvil so for 11 XP I can repair my bow
or for two
XP so for the same bow I can either pay
XP or 2
XP I think I'll choose 2
XP all right and it's repaired awesome
all right now we're ready to go back to
the nether through the portal jump o an
Enderman all right we're back here in
the nether I'm going to start going back
to where I think I saw a Bastion oh
hey
jeez anyways I'm going back to where I
think I saw a Bastian in a previous
episode I think it was this way and it's
to the left you see
that I think that is a
Bastion let's go explore it let's go
across this bridge
Bridge oh lots of piglins uh-oh die die
wow so many
piglins that piglin shot his
friend die so many piglins here die
die ooh that was close any other
piglins ooh there's some over there is
this a staircase
this kind of looks like a staircase
let's continue going
down die die
die die die die wow that one was really
strong
whoa this is like a
cave whoa a block of
gold why is there a block of gold
here
another block of gold
whoa is that a
chest I think that's a chest okay I need
to get over to that chest let's go down
here can I jump over there I'm going to
try it jump I made it okay let's check
out this chest let's see if there's a
smithing template in
there oh no
up up okay we're here at the chest let's
open
it no smithing template but there is an
ancient debris in here okay no smithing
template in this chest but we'll
continue searching for it
whoa hey piglin die die die ooh Nether
wart there's some Nether wart down there
this place seems really
dangerous
uhoh die die
die okay let's check out this
chest uh no smithing template a crossbow
with piercing four though I'll take that
any other
chests
ooh okay I need to be careful I don't
see any other chests here let's go can
uhoh die die die I'm going to fix the
floor
here
wow I should have brought a potion of
fire
resist another chest let's check out
this
chest still no smithing template crying
obsidian I'll pick that up um I'll throw
away some gold Le
and some golden carrots these are a good
Brewing ingredient I'll take these and
I'll throw away some golden
leggings uh-oh nope
nope block and let's push him into the
lava aha take
that
uh-oh stay back there are lots of holes
in in the
ground so I need to watch where I step
I'm going to go over there so I'm going
to build a bridge right
here oh no not with the ancient
debris oh no no no no no
[Music]
no how am I going to recover this
ancient debris
block
uh-oh okay break
this
okay okay I think I can recover
it okay now I'll break this
block
okay pH I recovered the ancient
debris I'm going to move this into my
inventory there we go
okay I'm going to build a bridge across
here one two 3
4 oh there's a double chest okay I'm
going to place a torch let's look inside
this double
chest okay still no smithing template
but there is an enchanted book Soul
speed one I'll take that
a block of iron
wow whoa okay this looks like a
staircase let's go up here
up I should have brought some torches
with me I still haven't found the
smithing
template I feel like I've searched all
around the
Bastion
well
I've explored this place for an hour and
I still haven't found a smithing
template I don't think there is
one I don't think that there is a
smithing template here well I'm going to
go back to my house and put away all of
these things that I
found and I guess I'll come back here
and search for another
Bastion all right back to my
house back
home I'm going to pick up some
Stone all right I picked up some Stone I
put away everything else I'm ready to go
back to the nether all right back in the
nether time for me to explore until I
find another
Bastion time to
go oh no
not more Soul
Sand
whoa a
Bastion
[Music]
whoa I think I finally found a
Bastion uh-oh
no I'm going to shoot
it die I got him oh ow uh-oh all right
well I'm going to start digging this way
into the
Bastion let's do
it
whoa more
piglins nope block and die die another
one uh-oh uh-oh uh-oh uh-oh uh-oh uh-oh
run
no
way no
[Music]
way
well I guess I'm going to end this video
here what a terrible
video thanks for
watching watch some of my other videos I
guess and I'll see you in the next
one bye oh